PRIVACY POLICY

Last Updated : 01/01/2022

MAXIMUZ INDIA PRODUCTIONS operates http://www.maximuzindia.com and uploads Apps to Google Stores for Property Developers and for Individuals. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site and the App on Play Store. By using the Site/App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection And Use
While using our Site/App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, user/device information, access to Camera, Microphone, Phone, Contacts etc.

Log Data
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that might be useful in enhancing the User Interface and Experience of the App

Cookies
Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.

Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of (01/01/2022) and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us @ giridhar@maximuzindia.com.
